Get your free Single Global eSIM™ now!

Your Welcome Gift: Use code WEB101 – Get 10% off on your first purchase

Use Code WEB101
Products
Destinations
Partnerships
Support
English
Get the app
4.7 rating from 21,000+ reviews
Your global eSIM just got an upgrade
One App for
eSIM

eSIM, phone numbers, international calls, SMS and messaging are now available instantly in the Roamless App.

one balance

stay connected

secure

flexible

WHY ROAMLESS

eSIM, data, phone numbers, calls & SMS. One app. One balance.
The Single Global eSIM™
that works everywhere

Use your Roamless Credits for pay as you go data or purchase mobile data plans, and stay connected across 200+ destinations worldwide with a Single Global eSIM™. Install once and use everywhere, without reinstalling.

Learn more
Get Phone Numbers
for international calls and SMS 
NEW

Subscribe to one or multiple phone numbers monthly or annually. Use Roamless Credits for calls and SMS. Manage work and personal numbers all in one app.

Learn more
One balance for everything
with Roamless Credits

Roamless Credits is your balance inside the Roamless app. Use credits for pay as you go data, calls, or SMS, wherever you are. Your credits never expire.

Learn more

MORE

Your all-in-one global connectivity app

eSIM, data, phone numbers, international calls and SMS. All in one app.

Single Global eSIM™

Install once, stay connected in 200+ countries.

Learn more
Calls with any number worldwide

Use your Roamless number, your own number, or stay anonymous.

Learn more
SMS NEW

Send and receive SMS worldwide with your Roamless Number.

Learn more
Use your own number NEW

Use your existing phone number to make international calls and send SMS. You can also call and message other Roamless users for free.

Learn more
HOW TO USE ROAMLESS

Get started in just a few steps

Data, phone numbers or both? Instantly available in just a few steps.

Mobile Data
Roamless Numbers
1

Choose a data plan or add Roamless Credits to your account.

2

Download the Roamless app and install your eSIM once

Enjoy global coverage with no eSIM swapping.

3

You’re all set! Your eSIM will work automatically when you arrive to the destination.

You can check your credits, data plans and rewards anytime through the Roamless app.

Get the app

USER STORIES

Trusted by travelers worldwide

See how Roamless is helping people stay connected, wherever their journeys take them.

4.7 rating on Apple Store from 21,000+ reviews
Travel eSIM Expert

“Your Roamless FLEX balance never expires, so leftover credit from one trip can be used on the next.”

“This is the best travel eSIM app to ever be made. I use it for data even when I’m not traveling just because if I don’t need data, I don’t need to continue paying any monthly payments. I could just add what I need and keep going.”

as featured in App Store

“Roamless stands out as one of the top eSIM providers due to its wide range of products and extra services.”

Freaking Nomads

“Roamless is a unique all-in-one global eSIM solution that offers data, calls, and messaging in more than 180 destinations.”

“The best Esim service by far. Great prices in most countries for flexible reliable data. I recommend it to everyone I know. For my elderly parents it’s a game changer knowing they’re going to be connected as soon as they land without having to go through the hassle of buying and installing a new esim in each country they visit. 10/10”

as featured in Google Play Store
Cybernews

“Roamless has fantastic pay-as-you-go flexibility, instant connectivity, and no expiration dates.”

Dream Big Travel Far Blog

“We used it during a two-week road trip around Europe and it worked perfectly. There were no issues with hotspot or connectivity.”

Simpackers

“Roamless offers a single global eSIM that works in over 208 countries.”

AS FEATURED IN

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find the answers to some of the more frequently asked questions

What is an eSIM?

An eSIM is an industry-standard digital SIM that allows you to activate a cellular plan from your carrier without having to use a physical SIM. You can install eight or more eSIMs on an iPhone and use two phone numbers at the same time.

Learn more
How to setup your eSIM?

eSIM technology is very convenient. Setting up your eSIM however can be slightly annoying, especially if you are doing it for the first time. But fear not, we have the step-by-step guides right here to have you going Roamless in no time.

Learn more
What is Roamless?
How does Roamless help me save on roaming charges?
Do I need to get a new SIM card every time I travel with Roamless?
How does Roamless ensure constant connectivity when I travel?
Does Roamless offer free calling and texting?
Do I need an eSIM to use the in-app calls feature of Roamless?
Can I use Roamless if my device doesn’t support eSIM?
How does Roamless compare to other eSIM providers in terms of flexibility and control over data usage?
Why should I choose Roamless over other roaming alternatives?
How does Roamless stand out compared to other eSIM providers?
See all questions
Roamless, your all-in-one app for global connectivity: data, calls, SMS and numbers worldwide.

Mobile Data

Numbers

Calls

SMS

Start using now
See all destinations
English
Follow us
Get the app
Popular destinations
United States
Canada
Mexico
United Kingdom
Australia
Türkiye
Japan
Thailand
Indonesia
See all destinations
Product
Mobile Data
Roamless Number
Features
Single Global eSIM™
Roamless Credits
Call
SMS
Free calls & messages
Use your own number
Manage your usage
Resources
Support
FAQ
eSIM installation
Blog
Reviews
Contact us
Refer a friend
Partnership
Roamless Partnerships
Company
About us
Careers
Brand assets
Press room
© 2026 · Roamless Technologies Inc.
1401 Pennsylvania Ave. Unit 105, Wilmington DE 19806
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Campaign Terms
Cookie Settings
Cookie Settings

We use cookies to enhance your experience, analyze site traffic and deliver personalized content. Read our Cookie Policy

Reject all
Customize
Accept all